In the last lecture we recognize that somehow if we add multiple places where overwriting our images
and this can be tough to spot but do you see what's going wrong in our ad place file where we store
where we move our image file
the thing which goes wrong here is that I call clean up to clean up my temporary storage which is nice
but I don't replace my file name for the new file.
Now this is one important implication.
Since I clean up my temporary storage it always will start naming the files and whatever to file them
is 0 0 1 at the end.
Then I clean it up and the next time I use the camera I create the same file.
Then I moved this file to the new storage directory and I keep DL filename and therefore I overwrite
the existing file.
This is why I always continuously keep overwriting my files.
The solution of course is simple.
We need to set a new filename here to make sure that this is not happening.
So in the place types of files.
Let's quickly create a new file name constant here and now how do we generate a fitting file name which
is unique so we make sure that we're not somehow using a file name we use before.
Well it's something which is unique to date.
So let's quickly create a new date.
Your Now here I want to get to UTC milliseconds to get a unique number.
Basically that's going to be a very large number and important.
I also add dot shape at the end because we're fetching this is a cherry pick remember debts to default
and you also stated that here again.
So we're getting a cheap hegg.
Then I can use my new file name here and with this in place.
Let's now run it on the device again with my own run iOS or Android and then the device flag make sure
to remove your old app.
Before doing this though arised are going to have a mixture of old and new data and that's not going
to work out very well.
So let's run it there and let's see if this now works as expected and gives us the behavior we want.
I'd skip forward to spare you seeing me fill out this whole form.
I took a photo.
Here we see it.
Let's add it here it is.
Let me add another place.
Now I'm quickly going to skip forward again.
So I finished setting up this place to lead.
Saved.
And now we see a list of 2 item.
Now let me kill the app like this and reopen it and see if this now works.
That looks good.
We got both places with the right pictures.
We can open them to view the details and then I can delete the place of course and that's the number
one just to check if this works as it should.
Again let's select something on the map here and take another picture.
Maybe here a little bit on the left use that photo looks good to me.
Your address.
Let's add this place to.
So we added displays.
Not you it's that one here to just to check play place.
Let's delete this again and let's open it one more time to see if we still have the data.
We had a second ago that looks all right.
Now let's delete all of the data.
And also delete discard here.
Like this now and a stare and let's load it.
One final time again I guess but now we should see no places so this now works as intended.
Are now storing data in this local storage to persistent but we're also deleting it there if we're deleting
an item and we're also storing our files in a better place.
With that we learned a lot about the native features we can use how to use them for pseudos coord of
a plug ins which are wrapped by ironic how we can then configure them and how we can work around with
that